"Well, thank you, Jim. And thanks to everybody.And I do have a sad note tonight. Senator Kennedy is in the hospital.He is a dearly beloved friend to all of us. Our thoughts and prayers go out to the lion of the Senate.I also want to thank the University of Mississippi for hosting us tonight.And Jim, I -- I've been not feeling too great about a lot of things lately. So have a lot of Americans who are facing challenges.But I'm feeling a little better tonight, and I'll tell you why.Because as we're here tonight in this debate, we are seeing for the first time in a long time Republicans and Democrats together sitting down, trying to work out a solution to this fiscal crisis that we're in.And have no doubt about the magnitude of this crisis. And we're not talking about failure of institutions on Wall Street, we're talking about failures on Main Street and people who will lose their jobs and their credits and their homes if we don't fix the greatest fiscal crisis probably in -- certainly in our time, and I've been around a little while.But the point is -- the point is, we are finally seeing Republicans and Democrats sitting down and negotiating together and coming up with a package. This package has transparency in it. It has to have accountability and oversight. It has to have options for loans to failing businesses rather than the government taking over those loans. We have to -- it has to have a package with a number of other essential elements to it.And yes, I went back to Washington, and I met with my Republican sin the House of Representatives. And they weren't part of the negotiations, and I understand that.And it was the House Republicans that decided that they would be part of the solution to this problem.But I want to emphasize one point to all Americans tonight: This isn't the beginning of the end of this crisis. This is the end of the beginning, if we come out with a package that will keep these institutions stable. And we've got a lot of work to do. And we've got to create jobs. And one of the areas, of course, is to eliminate our dependence on foreign oil."