"Well, thank you very much, Jim, and thanks to the commission and the University of Mississippi, Ole Miss, for hosting us tonight. I can't think of a more important time for us to talk about the future of the country.You know, we are at a defining moment in our history. Our nation is involved in two wars, and we are going through the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression. And although we've heard a lot about Wall Street, those of you on Main Street, I think, have been struggling for a while, and you recognize that this could have an impact on all sectors of the economy. And you're wondering: How's it going to affect me? How's it going to affect my job? How's it going to affect my house? How's it going to affect my retirement savings or my ability to send my children to college?So we have to move swiftly and we have to move wisely.And I've put forward a series of proposals that make sure that we protect taxpayers as we engage in this important rescue effort.Number one, we've got to make sure that we've got oversight over this whole process. $700 billion potentially is a lot of money.Number two, we've got to make sure that taxpayers, when they are putting their money at risk, have the possibility of getting that money back and gains if the market and when the market returns.Number three, we've got to make sure that none of that money is going to pad CEO bank accounts or to promote golden parachutes.And number four, we've got to make sure that we're helping homeowners, because the root problem here has to do with the foreclosures that are taking place all across the country.Now, we also have to recognize that this is a final verdict on eight years of failed economic policies -- promoted by George Bush,supported by Senator McCain -- a theory that basically says that we can shred regulations and consumer protections and give more and more to the most, and somehow prosperity will trickle down.It hasn't worked. And I think that the fundamentals of the economy have to be measured by whether or not the middle class is getting a fair shake. That's why I'm running for president. And that's what, I hope, we're going to be talking about tonight."