"Well, there are a range things that are probably going to have to be delayed. We don't yet know what our tax revenues are going to be. The economy is slowing down.So it's hard to anticipate right now what the budget's going to look like next year. But there's no doubt that we're not going to be able to do everything that, I think, needs to be done. There are somethings that, I think, have to be done.We have to have energy independence. So I've put forward a plan to make sure that in 10 years time, we have freed ourselves from dependence on Middle Eastern oil, by increasing production at home but most importantly by starting to invest in alternative energies --solar, wind, bio diesel -- making sure that we're developing the fuel-efficient cars of the future right here in the United States, in Ohio and Michigan instead of Japan and South Korea.We have to fix our health care system, which is putting an enormous burden on families. Just -- a report just came out that the average deductible went up 30 percent on American families. They are getting crushed, and many of them are going bankrupt as a consequence of health care. I'm meeting folks all over the country. We have to do that now, because it'll actually make our businesses and our families better off.The third thing we have to do is we've got to make sure that we're competing in education. We've got to invest in science and technology. China had a space launch and a space walk. We've got to make sure that our children are keeping pace in math and in science.And one of the things I think we have to do is make sure that college is affordable for every young person in America.And I also think that we're going to have to rebuild our infrastructure, which is falling behind -- our roads, our bridges, but also broadband lines that reach into rural communities; also making sure that we have a new electricity grid to get the alternative energy to population centers that are using them.So there's some -- some things that we've got to do structurally to make sure that we can compete in this global economy. We can't shortchange those things. We've got to eliminate programs that don't work, and we've got to make sure that the programs that we do have are more efficient and cost less."