"My reading of the threat from Iran is that if Iran acquires nuclear weapons, it's an existential threat to the state of Israel. And it is a threat to the region, because the other countries in the region will feel a compelling requirement to acquire nuclear weapons as well.Now, we cannot allow a second Holocaust. Let's just make that very clear. But I have proposed for a long time -- and I've had conversation with foreign leaders about -- forming a league of democracies.Let's be clear and let's have some straight talk: the Russians are preventing significant action in the United Nations Security Council. I have proposed a league of democracies, a group of people-- a group of countries that share common interests, common values,common ideals. And they also control a lot of the world's economic power. We could impose significant, meaningful, painful sanctions on the Iranians that I think could have a beneficial effect.The Iranians have a lousy government, so therefore their economy is lousy even though they have significant oil revenues. So I am convinced that together we can, with the French, with the British,with the Germans and other countries -- democracies around the world,we can affect Iranian behavior.But have no doubt -- but have no doubt that the Iranians continue on the path to the acquisition of a nuclear weapon as we speak tonight. And it is a threat not only in the region, but around the world.But I'd also like to point out the Iranians are putting the most lethal IEDs into Iraq, which are killing young Americans. There are special groups in Iran that are coming into Iraq and are being trained in Iran.(View cut data)	And there is the -- are the Republican Guard in Iran, which SenatorKyl had an amendment in order to declare them a sponsor of terror.Senator Obama said that would be provocative.So this is a serious threat. This is a serious threat to the security in the world, and I believe we can act, and we can act wit hour friends and allies and -- and reduce that threat as quickly as possible. But have no doubt about the ultimate result of them acquiring nuclear weapons."