"Well, I think that given what's happened over the last several weeks and months, our entire Russian approach has to be evaluated, because a resurgent and very aggressive Russia is a threat to the peace and stability of the region. Their actions in Georgia were unacceptable. They were unwarranted. And at this point it is absolutely critical for the next president to make clear that we ha veto follow through on our six-party -- or the six-point cease-fire.They have to remove themselves from South Ossetia and Abkhazia. It is absolutely important that we have a unified alliance and that we explain to the Russians that you cannot be a 21st century superpower or power and act like a 20th century dictatorship.And we also have to affirm all the fledgling democracies in that region -- you know, the Estonians, the Lithuanians, the Latvians, the Poles, the Czechs -- that we are in fact going to be supportive and in solidarity with them in their efforts. They are members of NATO.(View cut data)	And to countries like Georgia and the Ukraine, I think, we have to insist that they are free to join NATO if they meet the requirements.And they should have a membership action plan immediately to start bringing them in.Now, we also can't return to a Cold War posture with respect to Russia. It's important that we recognize there are going to be some areas of common interest.One is nuclear proliferation. They have not only 15,000 nuclear warhead but they've got enough to make another 40,000. And some of those loose nukes could fall into the hands of al Qaeda.This is an area where I've led on in the Senate, working with aRepublican, ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee,Dick Lu gar, to deal with the proliferation of loose nuclear weapons.That's an area where we're going to have to work with Russia.But we have to have a president who is clear that you don't deal with Russia based on staring into his eyes and seeing his soul.You deal with Russia based on, what are your, what are the national security interests of the United States of America? And we have to recognize that the way they've been behaving lately demands as harp response from the international community and our allies."