"No, actually, I think Senator McCain and I agree for the most part on these issues.Obviously, I disagree with this notion that somehow we did not forcefully object to Russians going into Georgia. I immediately said that this was illegal and objectionable.And absolutely, I wanted a cessation of the violence, because it put an enormous strain on Georgia. And that's why I was the first to say that we have to rebuild the Georgian economy and called for abillion dollars that has now gone in to help them rebuild, because part of Russia's intentions here was to weaken the economy to the point where President Saakashvili was so weakened that he might be replaced by somebody that Putin favored more.Two points I think are important to -- to think about when it comes to Russia: Number one is we have to have foresight and anticipate some of these problems. So back in April, I warned the administration that you had Russian peacekeepers in Georgian territory. That made no sense whatsoever. And what we needed to do was replace them with international peacekeepers and a special envoy to resolve the crisis before it boiled over. That wasn't done, but had it been done, it's possible we could have avoided the -- the issue.The second point I want to make is -- is the issue of energy.Russia is, in part, resurgent and Putin is feeling powerful because ofpetro-dollars, as Senator McCain mentioned. That means that we, as one of the biggest consumers of oil -- 25 percent of the world's oil-- have to have an energy strategy not just to deal with Russia but to deal with many of the rogue states we've talked about -- Iran,Venezuela -- and that means, yes, increasing domestic production and offshore drilling.(View cut data)	But we only have 3 percent of the world's oil supplies and we use 25percents of the world's oil, so we can't simply drill our way out of the problem. What we're going to have to do is to approach it through alternative energy like solar and wind and bio diesel and, yes, nuclear energy, clean coal technology. And you know, I've got a plan for us to make a significant investment over the next 10 years to do that.And -- and I have to say, Senator McCain and I, I -- I think,agree on the importance of energy, but Senator McCain mentioned earlier the importance of looking at a record. Over 26 years, Senator McCain voted 23 times against alternative energy like solar and wind and bio diesel. And so we -- we -- we -- we got to -- we got to walk the walk and not just talk the talk when it comes to energy independence because this is probably going to be just as vital for our economy and the -- the pain the people are feeling at the pump --and you know, winter's coming and home heating oil -- as it is our national security and the issue of climate change that's so important."